Add/company overview (#496)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/bucket_storage_support/configuration/ingestion_storer.md

which **MUST** be an array of objects.

Such objects must comply to the following schema

```json
{
  "type": "object",
  "required": ["ingestion"],
  "properties": {
    "ingestion": {"type":  "string"},
    "bucket-folder": {"type": "string"},
    "post-ingestion": {
      "type": "array",
      "items": {"type":  "string"}
    }
  }
}
```

`post-ingestion` is relevant only when `bss.enable-post-ingestion` is `true` and
`bucket-folder` overrides the final destination of messages backup files in the configured bucket.

The service then subscribes to all the `ingestion`
topics provided in the map and forwards the incoming messages (in case it is enabled) towards the post-ingestion ones.

A working example is provided here:

```yaml
bss:
  topics-config:
    data-topics-mapping:
      - ingestion: <input-topic-name-1>
        bucket-folder: <optional-custom-folder> # this field can be omitted entirely and the service would use the ingestion topic as folder name
        post-ingestion:
          - <output-topic-name-1>
      - ingestion: <input-topic-name-2>
        post-ingestion:
          - <output-topic-name-2>
```

#### With GCS bucket

> To configure the service to read from a kafka broker to a Google GCS bucket you **MUST**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the service to read from a Kafka broker to a Google GCS bucket you **MUST**:
```

> 1. mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`;
```

> 2. mount the GCS credentials file at `/app/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json` (this path must match the env var _GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Mount the GCS credentials file at `/app/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json` (this path must match the env var _GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_);
```

> 3. configure kafka via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure Kafka via env vars:
```

   - `KAFKA_BROKERS`: comma separated list of nodes address belonging to a Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_GROUP_ID`: **the topic from which to read** and also the consumer group identifier employed by this application to share how partitions are consumed among multiple instances of the application
   - `KAFKA_USERNAME`: username to connect to Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_PASSWORD`: password to connect to Kafka cluster

> 4. configure GCS bucket via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure GCS bucket via env vars:
```

   - `BUCKET_TYPE`: "google" (a constant value)
   - `BUCKET_NAME`: name of the bucket where files should be uploaded
   - `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`: location of the credentials file

> 5. configure notifications via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configure notifications via env vars:
```

   - `BSS_EVENTS_TOPIC`: topic where the service should produce **messages notifying** that a file has been written to the bucket

#### With S3 bucket

> To configure the service to read from a kafka broker to an AWS S3 bucket you **MUST**:
> 
> 1. mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the service to read from a Kafka broker to an AWS S3 bucket you **MUST**:

1. Mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`;
```

> 2. configure kafka via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure Kafka via env vars:
```

   - `KAFKA_BROKERS`: comma separated list of nodes address belonging to a Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_GROUP_ID`: **the topic from which to read** and also the consumer group identifier employed by this application to share how partitions are consumed among multiple instances of the application
   - `KAFKA_USERNAME`: username to connect to Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_PASSWORD`: password to connect to Kafka cluster

> 3. configure GCS bucket via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure GCS bucket via env vars:
```

   - `BUCKET_TYPE`: "s3" (a constant value)
   - `BUCKET_NAME`: name of the bucket where files should be uploaded
   - `BUCKET_REGION`: the region of the AWS S3 bucket
   - `S3_KEY_ID`: the service account ID for the AWS S3 bucket
   - `S3_KEY`: the secret key for the AWS S3 bucket

> 4. configure notifications via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure notifications via env vars:
```

   - `BSS_EVENTS_TOPIC`: topic where the service should produce **messages notifying** that a file has been written to the bucket

#### With OCI bucket (S3 compatibility)

> To configure the service to read from a kafka broker to an Oracle OCI bucket you **MUST**:
> 
> 1. mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`
> 2. configure kafka via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the service to read from a Kafka broker to an Oracle OCI bucket you **MUST**:

1. Mount the `application.yaml` file at the location `/app/config/application.yaml`;
2. Configure Kafka via env vars:
```

   - `KAFKA_BROKERS`: comma separated list of nodes address belonging to a Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_GROUP_ID`: **the topic from which to read** and also the consumer group identifier employed by this application to share how partitions are consumed among multiple instances of the application
   - `KAFKA_USERNAME`: username to connect to Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_PASSWORD`: password to connect to Kafka cluster

> 3. configure GCS bucket via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure GCS bucket via env vars:
```

   - `BUCKET_TYPE`: "s3" (a constant value)
   - `BUCKET_NAME`: name of the bucket where files should be uploaded
   - `BUCKET_REGION`: the region of the OCI bucket
   - `BUCKET_ENDPOINT`: the endpoint which overrides the the AWS S3 bucket standard endpoint pattern with the OCI pattern (from `https://s3.<BUCKET_REGION>.amazonaws.com` to `https://<namespace>.compat.objectstorage.<BUCKET_REGION>.oraclecloud.com`)
   - `S3_KEY_ID`: the service account ID for the OCI bucket
   - `S3_KEY`: the secret key for the OCI bucket

> 4. configure notifications via env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure notifications via env vars:
```

   - `KAFKA_GROUP_ID`: (_mandatory_) consumer group identifier employed by this application to share how partitions are consumed among multiple instances of the application
   - `KAFKA_DEQUEUE_STRATEGY`: (default: "latest") when no consumer group is defined on a topic, it defines which strategy should be applied to consume from the topic the first time. Defaults to `latest` ignoring existing messages
   - `KAFKA_MAX_POLL_RECORDS`: (default: 500) defines the maximum number of messages that each poll operation can return. Independently of this number, each poll operation can return at most a certain amount of bytes configured in the consumer. Defaults to 500
   - `KAFKA_CLIENT_ID`: (default: "message-recorder") client identifier employed by this application. It is always appended to `-ingestion-consumer` (also when defaulted)
   - `KAFKA_BROKERS`: (_mandatory_) comma separated list of nodes address belonging to a Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_SASL_MECHANISM`: (default: "SCRAM-SHA-256") SASL mechanism to employ for logging in Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_USERNAME`: (_mandatory_) username to connect to Kafka cluster
   - `KAFKA_PASSWORD`: (_mandatory_) password to connect to Kafka cluster

> ### Full Serice Customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Full Service Customization
```

    },
    "partition": {
      "type": "number",
      "description": "partition identifier from which messages where consumed"
    }
  }
}
```

### Message Payload

A message payload has the following json schema:

```json
{
  "type": "object",
  "properties": {
    "filePath": {
      "type": "string",
      "description": "full filepath to retrieve saved file from bucket"
    },
    "batchTimeStart": {
      "type": "string",
      "format": "datetime",
      "description": "timestamp of the first message contained in the batch"
    },
    "batchTimeEnd": {
      "type": "string",
      "format": "datetime",
      "description": "timestamp of the last message contained in the batch"
    },
    "batchOffsetStart": {
      "type": "number",
      "description": "offset of the first message contained in the batch"
    },
    "batchOffsetEnd": {
      "type": "number",
      "description": "offset of the last message contained in the batch"
    },
    "batchSize": {
      "type": "number",
      "description": "number of messages contained in the stored file"
    }
  }
}
```

## Scaling And Fine Tuning

### Memory

> The service will allocate, on startup the equivalent of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On startup, the service will allocate the equivalent of:
```

```shell
bss.max-cache-size * <number of topics> * <number of partitions> + ~100MB
```

> This amount depends on the number of replicas of the service you'll deploy and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This amount depends on the number of replicas of the service you will deploy and
```

the partitioning strategies adopted by consumers and brokers.

> Roughly on 3 topics with 9 partitions each we'd recommend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On 3 topics with 9 partitions each, we recommend the following request and limit:
```

- request: 400
- limit: 600

> with 1 topic and 1 partition the service averages a consumption of ~130MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With 1 topic and 1 partition, the service consumes ~130MB on average.
```
